#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
aioice==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiortc
aiortc==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-webrtc
altair==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
async-lru==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
asyncio==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
av==10.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiortc
babel==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gdown
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
blinker==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   streamlit
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiortc
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
    #   pylibsrtp
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   streamlit
comm==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cryptography==41.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiortc
    #   pyopenssl
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
deepface==0.0.79
    # via -r requirements.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
dlib==19.24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aioice
    #   pymongo
exceptiongroup==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
filelock==3.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gdown
fire==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepface
flask==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepface
    #   flask-cors
flask-cors==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
fonttools==4.40.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
gast==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
gdown==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepface
    #   retina-face
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
google-auth==2.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiortc
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
grpcio==1.56.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepface
h5py==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ifaddr==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aioice
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   markdown
    #   nbconvert
    #   streamlit
importlib-resources==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
ipykernel==6.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jedi==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pydeck
json5==0.9.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-server==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.23.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
keras==2.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepface
    #   mtcnn
    #   tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
libclang==16.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
markdown==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
mtcnn==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepface
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   deepface
    #   h5py
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   retina-face
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
opencv-python==4.8.0.74
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepface
    #   mtcnn
    #   retina-face
opencv-python-headless==4.8.0.76
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
overrides==7.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-webrtc
    #   tensorflow
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   deepface
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepface
    #   matplotlib
    #   retina-face
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pyarrow==12.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydeck==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pyee==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiortc
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pylibsrtp==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiortc
pymongo==4.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pympler==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pyopenssl==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiortc
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   qtconsole
referencing==0.29.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests[socks]==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gdown
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
retina-face==0.0.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepface
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
rpds-py==0.8.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   fire
    #   gdown
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensorflow
smmap==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
streamlit==1.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-webrtc
streamlit-webrtc==0.47.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
tensorboard==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
tensorflow==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepface
    #   retina-face
tensorflow-estimator==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fire
    #   tensorflow
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepface
    #   gdown
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   async-lru
    #   ipython
    #   pyee
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorflow
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
validators==0.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
websockets==11.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==2.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.41.2
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
zipp==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
